
SUMMARY

Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities to achieve professional growth while being flexible, as well as to enhance my skills in order to contribute to the company's growth.

EXPERIENCE

Thinkgestalt.Tech | Data Analyst December 2021- Present
•	Collaborated with 2 data analyst and 1 project head to implement and analyse given data.
•	Analyse, clean and visualize different factors influencing the financial domain.
•	Determine and back-test the factors leading to risk of the financial application. 
•	Contribute towards the development and deployment micro-services module for rapid, frequent and reliable delivery of large, complex applications.
•	Create API’s using flask framework and help to integrate with different applications.
•	Develop visually impactful report on jupyter notebook to transform data into meaningful information as a proof of concept.

PROJECTS

Lead Generation for Sales | Thinkgestalt.Tech
Data scraped from the web to reach out and offer our products and services to other companies on B2B level and to clients.
Handled the web scraping part which helped the sales team to connect to clients hence contributing to increase the revenue of the company by 2%.
Created module using Python, BeautifulSoup, Selenium and MS Excel.

Aqua Drone to Collect Floating Waste | Thakur College of Engineering and Technology
An embedded aqua drone prototype created as an AI module integrate with mobile app to control and monitor the boat.
Created as a proof of concept (POC) and the aim is to integrate the deep learning model with embedded system and increase the accuracy by 5%.
Created module using Python, Deep Learning, Firebase, computer vision, and Raspberry Pi.

Car for Smart Cities - Smart Car | St. John College of Engineering and Management 
A module of self-driving cars created as a prototype with the help of deep learning and computer vision.
Created as a proof of concept (POC) and the aim is to implement CNN that will automatically drive a vehicle in a real time scenario with 89.72% accuracy.
Created module using Python, Deep Learning, computer vision, and Raspberry Pi.


SKILLS

Languages and Software tools
Python, MySQL, HTML, CSS,
SQLite, MongoDb, Firebase,
Flask, Django,
Jupyter notebook, 
Visual studio code,
Raspberry Pi, Arduino.

Data Analysis
Web Collection / Scraping, 
Data Visualization,
Data Wrangling,
Mathematical and Statistical 
Analysis, 
Data Pre-processing,
Exploratory Data Analysis.

Strength
Time Management, Good Explainer, 
Self-Motivation, Problem solving,  
Ability to work
as an individual as well as in a
team, Research.

EDUCATION

Thakur College of Engineering and Technology | Master of Engineering (M.E.) Mumbai | June 2019 - March 2021
Master's in : Information Technology - Data Science
CGPA : 9.56 / 10
Relevant Work : Python, Machine Learning, Deep Learning. 


ACHIEVEMENT

Participated in Paper Presentation - Design & Implementation of Car for Smart Cities - Intelligent Car Prototype (Springer Publication - Paper Code - 261)